Hi Eric,

Your story was very beautiful, in language and in subject matter. Your language had this wistful, dreamy quality. It read almost like a poem. The opening scene of Emily looking through a box of her childhood items really sets the tone for the story and provides an opportunity for description of objects, which seems like your strongsuit. This also sets the tone for reminicing. I enjoyed that the story was told as a memory. It made the wistful quality of the writing feel right in place, and contributed to that feeling in its own way.

However, I think because it was told as a memory, there were some portions that felt too vauge. For example, we don't know much about Emily and her dead lover's relationship besides how she felt about it. There are some things that I think make sense to keep vauge, such as not revealing their name, gender, and any details about their appearence. However, there isn't a lot of specific imagery involved in Emily's recollection. I would encourage you to described specific events/objects associated with their relationship for the following reasons: 1) it could give you more opportunity to describe things in detail, which I think you are good at and should do as often as possible 2) During my workshop Prof McIntyre said: "The way you establish relatability is through specificity". I agree with this and I think that if you add more details about this relationship, the more people may see their own experience in that 3)Memory often is triggered by these small, seemingly insignificant details. You do this on the first page with the teddy bear, but I would like to see this more in how Emily recalls the relationship.

You have a really strong story here and I am excited to see where you take it.