One reason that the Church-Turing Thesis could still be considered applicable to modern computers is that there are still problems that we know that we can't ideally solve with a modern computer, and that are not solvable with any turing machine. Thanks to the definition of computation presented by Church and Turing, we have identified problems that we cannot use computation to solve.

Generating adequately random numbers is one such problem. Church was famously concerned with this in terms of computability. There are tests that can be utilized to evaluate randomness, such as the Martin-Lof test, but there is not algorithmic way to generate true statistical randomness. To understand this, one needs to think about what it means to compute something. How could one compute a truly random number when computers and turing machines are designed to carry out well-defined sets of instructions, and, by definition, real random numbers cannot be generated with a defined formula.

The incompatibility of random number generation has directed system designers to solve this problem without the use of an algorithm. The main way that designers obtain true random numbers is by sampling data from random events. RANDOM.COM, a true random number generator, uses atmospheric noise from thunderstorms to obtain a high amount of entropy. Other system may use a predetermined list of random numbers, but this is less effective than harvesting entropy from external sources.

One such widely used implimentation of random number generation is the Linux PRNG algorithm. Linux has a random number generator built in that collects external random data from many different sources, one such being the timing of keystrokes, combine them through concatenation, and then apply a hash function to make random seeds that are unpredictable, which is extremely important for generating cryptographic secrets. 

