Consider the two articles about literary citizenship: where do the authors' ideas overlap, and where do they diverge? What does it mean, in your mind, to be a good literary citizen? How can members of the literary community who are readers, rather than writers, practice good literary citizenship? How can hex be a good literary citizen? How can you yourself be a good literary citizen? Form an argument. Support your claims with evidence from the text. Be specific.

------

From these two articles, it seems like the most important aspect to literary citizenship is participation. Day goes as far to quote an article that claims the following about people who submit to journals without supporting them: "These people deserve the rejections that they will undoubtedly receive". Poplin espouses the cooperative nature of her writers collective, L'ATELIER Writers: "Like the biblical loaves and fishes, or even a public school potluck, when we bring our own limited resources to the table, we discover abundance". This value seems to reflect the classical Marxist value of "each according to their ability, each according to their needs".

I think Poplin successfully identifies the human core of what that means on a psychological level, considering everyone with dignity. It is somewhat surprising that this has not been explicitly stated, considering creative writing often involves considering the dignity of others. 

This makes me think of some of the points Sarah Clark brought up in the "So You Want to Start a Literary Magazine" discussion. Many of their points are about their experience with harrassment in literary spaces specifically with how the literary scene reacts to it. They share a time that they alerted a magazine that a piece they they have published was written by a confirmed abuser: "This editor was baffled by the very concept of taking down work that’s been published online, and went so far as to say that his magazine was just like a print magazine, so he _couldn’t_ take the work down. He absolutely could have".  They created beestung as a way to prevent past experiences with harrassment from happening in the future. Sexual harrassment often explicitly denies the dignity and autonomy of the target. This is a fundamental problem when someone has to explicitly create a new faction within the literary community just to recieve the dignity that should be ingrained in the community in the first place. 

It is often striking how writers can verbally espouse empathy and dignity without showing it to people in their lives. A prominent example that comes to mind is David Foster Wallace. He explicitly spoke of empathy and understanding in public appearances, and tried to in his writing, while abusing women, often fellow members of the literary community, and silencing them. Even though these issues are public, he is still lauded for the emphasis he places on empathy in his work.

So, how do we fix this? I think that we need to be extremely careful about incorporating marginalized voices in our reading. In the DFW example, many writers have critiqued the way he depicts people of marginalized communities, but their voices were drowned out by his. In order to ensure everyone receives the bare-minimum dignity they deserve, the literary community needs to be able to tangibly raise up the voices of marginalized and underrepresented writers.