I choose to find the "worst" story that hex has published because I am worried I will be too positive about each story we are evaluating and I wanted to practice getting out of the less critical "reading for enjoyment" mindset. I think that Pie by Hugh Behm-Steinberg has some elements that directly oppose what Hex is trying to do. I think it has some of the same problems as the Angry Alien Balloon story we read last Tuesday.

While I can see how the situation of an overly-judgemental in-law is relatable, it is a cliche that appears in many stories, especially comedic stories (think Meet the Parents, Wedding Crashers. and similar movies). These stories often portray the in-laws as irrational and excessive in their cruelty and pettiness, making for fairly flat characters. While I think that this is a concept with a lot of potential for examination in literature. However, the relationship a person has with their family and their partner's family is a complex topic that I think would be very difficult to tackle in under 1000 words.

The two sister in-laws are actors for some of the humor in the story. This is evident in their dialogue, it seems cruel to an exaggerated extent. Take this line from the narrator: "'No wonder this tastes so pedestrian. Granny Smiths make such ordinary pie filling'".  The interiority of these two characters, beyond their resentment for each other, is not examined. They exist in this one rage-filled moment without any discernable history.  The appeal comes from the absurdity of the lengths they go to one-up eachother. When the narrator uses a time machine to make the worlds best apple pie for Sharon, the exaggerated pettiness of the in-laws in this story becomes supernatural, and thus funny in a novel way. I think that this makes the story less Literary. The concept of two housewives using supernatural means to one-up each other at apple pie baking feels like a pulp sci-fi story.

With the use of a common trope, this story also succombs to stereotypes about women irrationally hating and competing with each other. While society often pits women against each other, causing tension, these situations are often very nuanced and emotionally dense; something that would be difficult to cover in a 1000 word story. There is no discernible attempt to give depth to the conflict these women have. It is just a foundation for the more absurd happenings of this story. 