Consider the Michel, Ampleman, and Asmelash articles in conversation. Where do the authors' opinions about the current state of literary magazines overlap? Where do they diverge? And how is hex positioned in the world of literary magazines? What concerns voiced by the authors are most pressing for hex, and which concerns are less relevant for the continued health of our magazine, based on what you know about it so far from class discussion and from your readings on the hex website?

-----------

These three articles represent different perspectives and purposes in their writing. Michel's article is more personal, it covers information on his personal experience and opinions surrounding literary magazines and it feels more like a personal essay at times. Ampleman's is an announcement and call-to-action for readers of the magazine, The Cincinnati Review, where the article was published. It is still firmly placed in the literary world. Asmelash's article, which is published in CNN, likely reached beyond the literary community. Its main purpose is to inform readers of this problem. I believe that some of the point that Michel brings up are the most important to Hex.

 Both the CNN article and Michel see this as a positive and a way for magazines to become more modern and relevant: "An online lit mag staffed by students is a very minimal investment that, if done right, can have real returns". However, there is this problem that emerges from the ease of online publishing. Anyone can post their literature and other artistic endeavors online. A domain name is a relatively low cost and there are website design tools so anyone can create their own website! And there are platforms like medium where one doesn't even need to make their own website. With such a massive volume of content, how does a literary magazine not drown in the sea? For established names, this may be more feasible, as they already have a brand built up and they can simply direct established readers to their new website. 

The main way these online only magazines are marketed is through social media. Many of these sites, such as instagram or tik tok, have algorithms that reward sameness, conformity, and popular things. For example, if you follow a bunch of small, seemingly unrelated magazines on a social media platform, it will recommend larger, existing accounts magazines that many people follow. I think that this could make it easier for magazines to be mediocre. Michel criticizes magazines that don't do anything to distinguish themselves: "It’s true, I think, that there are far too many magazines ... that publish interchangeable work and put little to no effort into publicity or fundraising". In an environment that rewards safe and non-transgressive work, how will the most interesting work rise to the top. I think that the antidote is there still needs to be lots of offline interaction. It is important for existing literary magazines to uplift newer ones whose work they enjoy.